Health advocates worry that the imbalance will be aggravated by plans in wealthy countries to provide booster shots to fully inoculated people to combat the super-contagious delta variant of the coronavirus.
The European Medicines Agency says it has started an expedited evaluation on whether to recommend a booster dose of the coronavirus vaccine made by Pfizer-BioNTech.
In a statement Monday, the EU drug regulator says it is considering whether a third dose of the vaccine should be given six months after people 16 and older have received two doses, to restore protection after it has waned.
Amid a warning issued by the World Health Organisation over the sale of counterfeit doses of the Covishield vaccine in Southeast Asia and Africa, the Centre has issued a list of guidelines to identify the fake COVID-19 vaccines.
The 2021-’22 AAP influenza policy statement and companion technical report released today emphasize the importance of flu vaccination during the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, which is expected to continue during flu season.
Influenza vaccination is particularly important to protect vulnerable populations and reduce the burden of respiratory illnesses during circulation of SARS-CoV-2.
The Sputnik-V Covid-19 vaccine should be administered in two doses at a gap of 21 days, and both the doses should be taken from the same hospital, Dr Reddy's Laboratories said on Tuesday.
The change can help increase the availability of vaccines in smaller, more rural areas and decrease the number of wasted doses.
Currently in India, Sputnik V vaccine is administered in two doses with a 21-day gap. Both doses of the vaccine should be taken from the same hospital,” the statement released by Dr Reddy’s said.
Tinnitus is the medical term for noise in your ear in the absence of an external sound. It’s a common condition that’s thought to affect about 10 percent of people. The sound may come or go or remain constant. COVID-19 vaccines are linked to a wide range of potential side effects. Tinnitus appears to be a very rare side effect, but researchers are continuing to examine the link. Keep reading to learn what the latest studies have found.
Addressing the Global Sovereign Conference 2021, Asia-Pacific, Fitch Ratings Senior Director, Head of Asia-Pacific Sovereign Ratings, Stephen Schwartz said vaccination is the key to economic recovery across the world.
US health regulators will likely clear a Covid-19 booster shot for vaccinated people 18 years and older starting at least six months after the previous dose, The Wall Street Journal reported.
For a third time in the last 11 days, India administered more than one crore doses of Covid-19 vaccine in a day on Monday taking the total number of doses given in the country to over 69.68 crore, the Union Health Ministry said.
India saw a single-day drop in daily coronavirus cases on Tuesday. The health bulletin released by the Centre said that India registered 31,222 fresh Covid-19 infections in the last 24 hours.
Cuba became the first country in the world on September 6, 2021, to vaccinate toddlers with the COVID-19 vaccine.
The children in Cuba from the age of 2 are being vaccinated with home-grown jabs which are not recognized by the World Health Organisation (WHO).
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), Nipah virus (NiV) is a zoonotic virus which means it is transmitted to humans from animals.
It can be transmitted between people through contaminated food. The infection in humans can range from asymptomatic to respiratory and fatal encephalitis.
Researchers have studied a dozen anti-SARS-CoV-2 antibodies isolated from people who had previously contracted the infection.
They looked for antibodies that would not lose their effectiveness to new variants and that would work against a variety of respiratory viruses.
US drugmaker Pfizer aims to roll out smaller packages of its Covid-19 vaccine for public health departments and care providers by October, media reports said. Pfizer is working on smaller packing options, the drug maker said in a statement to CBS News.
The study in Manipal Hospitals, which collected and analysed data among 372 cases, concluded that careful selection of patients for Remdesivir is essential.
The Integrated Covid Control and Command Centre (ICCCC)—an initiative of the district administration to handle Covid 19 cases – is now dealing with queries relating to dengue and vector-borne diseases.
Within two days of the district administration extending the ICCCC services to people suffering from dengue or vector-borne-diseases, the centre has recorded more than two dozen phone calls.
The Union Health Ministry, on September 5, shared a list of parameters with the states and Union territories to identify the authentic versions of Covishield, Covaxin and Sputnik V -- the t-hree vaccines being currently used for the mass inoculation drive in India.
As dengue cases are on a rise in several states of the country, over 100 cases of dengue fever have been reported in Delhi this year.\n',
Buoyed by the success of the Covid vaccination, Pfizer prepared a strategy to deal with the disease in the coming years. The company has delivered more than 1 billion coronavirus vaccines and expects to produce at least an additional 2 billion doses this year.\n',
Australia is trying to contain a third wave of infections that has locked down its two major cities, Sydney and Melbourne, and its capital Canberra, putting more than half its 25 million population under strict stay-home restrictions.
A team of researchers here has for the first time grown tiny brains-in-a-dish that mimic the major parkinson's disease -- a common age-related neurodegenerative disorder.
The Centre has issued guidelines to help people identify whether they are being given authentic vaccines against Covid-19, days after the World Health Organization (WHO) said it has identified counterfeit versions of Covishield in South-East Asia and Africa, reports said on Sunday.
National Nutrition Week 2021 is about educating the common folk about the importance of nutrition and a healthy diet for wellbeing. 
A diet rich in vitamins, minerals, essential amino acids and healthy fats is known to promote a longer and healthier life.
In the first study to investigate the impact of COVID-19 infection on lung function, researchers found that even patients with asthma did not show a statistically significant deterioration in lung function, although there was a trend towards slightly lower measurements for the amount of air they could exhale forcibly in one second—known as forced expiratory air volume in one second (FEV1), which is one of the measures of lung function.
The study, by researchers at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden, found that even patients with asthma did not show a statistically significant deterioration in lung function.
Scientists at the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER) Bhopal have sequenced the Genome of Giloy (Tinospora cordifolia), a plant with medicinal properties, stated to be for the first time in the world.
Narwal claimed the top honours, while his compatriot Singhra Adhana added a silver to his kitty with an effort of 216.7, giving India a 1-2 finish in the Mixed 50m Pistol SH1 event.
Novak Djokovic struggled but advanced within three matches of completing the first men's singles calendar-year Grand Slam in 52 years on Monday by outlasting American Jenson Brooksby at the US Open.
Indian cricketer Shikhar Dhawan and his wife Ayesha Mukherjee have parted ways after eight years of marriage.
FIFA is now carrying out a feasibility study into the practicalities of altering the World Cup cycle from four years to two, meaning that continental championships (like the Gold Cup, European Championship and Copa America) would be sandwiched in the alternate years.
Anushka Sharma is currently in England with her cricketer husband Virat Kohli and daughter Vamika. The actress recently gorged on delicious dosas near Buckingham Palace and it is sure to make your mouth water.
Neeraj Chopra posted a video of the throw that helped him become only the second Indian to win an individual Olympic gold medal.
Pakistan, on Monday, announced the 15-man strong squad for the upcoming T20 World Cup. However, the captain of the side, Babar Azam has reportedly expressed his displeasure at the changes that have been made in the squad for the mega event.
Sophie Devine is the new joint top-ranked women's all-rounder in the world in the MRF Tyres T20I Player rankings.
She also gains a place in the batting charts to jump up to No.5.
Mystery spinner Varun Chakravarthy and Rahul Chahar, with his fast leg-breaks, will fight it out for the additional tweaker’s slot when the selectors pick the Indian squad for next month’s ICC T20 World Cup on Wednesday.
Glenn Pocknall, New Zealand's stand-in coach, said on Tuesday (September 7) that he expects Bangladesh to bounce back in familiar climes but added that New Zealand will be prepared for that and will 'fight fire with fire'.
Valtteri Bottas will join Alfa Romeo in 2022, paving the way for George Russell to replace him at Mercedes.
Brad Hogg said the Player of the Match award should have been given to Shardul Thakur instead of Rohit Sharma. He also gave five reasons behind his thoughts.
India pacer Jasprit Bumrah on Monday praised bowling all-rounder Shardul Thakur\'s "massive contribution" in the fourth Test against England, which India won by 157 runs.
The RT-PCR test results for India head coach Ravi Shastri and two of his close contacts, bowling coach Bharat Arun and fielding coach R Sridhar have returned positive for Covid.
Mohammad Amir Decides To Come Out Of International Retirement, States His Availability For Pakistan.
Covid-19 vaccines being used in the country's vaccination drive include the Serum Institute of India's Covishield, Bharat Biotech's Covaxin and the Russian vaccine Sputnik V.
Mushfiqur Rahim has informed the Bangladesh team management that he will no longer keep wicket in T20Is, according to head coach Russell Domingo.
Barcelona’s La Liga trip to the Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan Stadium to take on Sevilla on Saturday has officially been postponed by the High Council for Sports (CSD).
Gulam Shabbir, the UAE wicketkeeper-batsman, has been handed a four-year ban from all cricket after he admitted to breaching six counts of the ICC anti-corruption code. Shabbir has accepted the sanctions and his period of ineligibility ends at midnight on August 20, 2025.
The Spain international is preparing to make his Blues debut after promises were made in the build-up to his deadline-day arrival at Stamford Bridge.
After an old video of a Pakistani TV anchor asking strange questions about Formula 1 vehicles reappeared on social media, it amused netizens.
Barcelona president Joan Laporta gave a lengthy interview to Onze on Monday night where he discussed a wide range of topics. 
The 58-year-old spoke about the club’s financial problems, Lionel Messi’s exit, admitted he’d wanted to sign Neymar and backed coach Ronald Koeman.
Less than 45 days out from the T20 World Cup, Bangladesh are walking a tightrope between whipping up a winning feeling and experiencing a slump in their batters' confidence, with the pitches at the Shere Bangla National Stadium in Dhaka at the centre of this conundrum.
Sam Billings will turn out for Sydney Thunder once again after re-signing with the franchise for the 2021-22 season of the Big Bash League.
Billings had a productive outing last season with Thunder, scoring 260 runs in 10 innings at an impressive strike rate of 142.
The Gunners were 3-2 winners at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday, having lost five of their last six in the WSL against the Blues and Manchester City.
Former France defender Jean-Pierre Adams has died at the age of 73, almost 40 years after falling into a coma following a medical error, his former clubs, Paris Saint-Germain and Nimes, said on Monday.
The launch date of iPhone 13 is considered to be out, as gadget giant Apple Inc has announced that its annual mega event will be held on September 14.
Redmi Buds 3 have been launched as Xiaomi's latest true wireless stereo (TWS) earbuds under the Redmi brand.
Infinix Hot 11S launch in India: Smartphone brand Infinix is all set to launch its new smartphone in India this month. The company has announced that it will be unveiling Infinix Hot 11S smartphone in the country on 17th September 2021 during an online event.
Microsoft has come up with a new tool on its Microsoft Teams platform that is aimed at improving student's reading skills at the same time allowing educators to better support students’ progression.
The Realme GT Neo2 is expected to go official this month. The design and specifications of the smartphone have already appeared in recent reports.
Reliance Jio has announced new postpaid plans for its broadband service, JioFiber. This is for the first time that the company has announced quarterly plans (three months).
Perseverance uses a drill and a hollow coring bit at the end of its 7-foot-long (2-meter-long) robotic arm to extract samples.
 "Redmi Buds 3 have been launched as Xiaomi's latest true wireless stereo (TWS) earbuds under the Redmi brand.
Xiaomi has launched the Redmi 10 Prime at a recent online event in India. The smartphone is the latest budget Redmi phone in India and is a rebranded Redmi 10 that was launched in the global markets recently.
Xiaomi is reportedly working on new Redmi-branded smartphones. A new leak shares key specifications of one such phone.The name of this Redmi phone is a mystery but it is speculated to be one of the models in the rumoured Redmi K50 series.
Google has unveiled the Pixel 6 series flagship smartphones and is expected to officially launch the lineup next month.
Google says that don’t share any private details with anyoneon the internet. “No sharing of birthdays, your bank detail or even your fave footballer’s name with strangers on the internet.
The Delhi High Court on Monday directed Google and Facebook to block 25 different websites, accounts and pages accused of infringing the "Aaj Tak" trademark and misleading the consumers into believing that these "anonymous" websites are somehow related to the Aaj Tak brand.
Chip-maker has announced that it is working with Google and Renault to design an in-vehicle experience for Renault's next-generation electric vehicle, the new Megane E-TECH Electric.
Tech giant Google is working on a "Human Presence Sensor" (HPS) for upcoming
Chromebooks, which could be used for face unlock or other long-awaited Chrome OS features.
Tech giant Google removed over 600,000 pieces of content from its platforms in India during July, according to the company’s monthly compliance report published under India’s new IT Rules.
Xiaomi has beaten Apple to become the world’s top wearable brand during the second quarter of 2021, Canalys data showed.\n',
Fortnite Chapter 2 Season 7 is almost at an end, and players are excited for the release of Season 8. Data miners have been working hard to provide leaks for the upcoming season of Fortnite, and things are looking spicy on that end.
The Xiaomi 11T Pro was rumored to support 120W fast charging or (as Xiaomi calls it) HyperCharge. The company has officially confirmed that spec with a Twitter teaser building up to the September 15 event.
Realme Pad price in India will be revealed on September 9th at 12:30 PM IST. The tablet will arrive alongside Realme 8i and Realme 8s smartphones.
Wealthy countries have hogged Covid-19 vaccines, providing a glaring illustration of how unfair the world can be. While 57 per cent of people in high-income countries had received at least one dose of vaccine by August 30, the figure in low-income countries was just 2 per cent, according to the United Nations.
Samsung is gearing up for the launch of its new Tab S series of tablets.
The new lineup is expected to feature three models and a new report has suggested that the highest end variant, namely the Galaxy Tab S8 Ultra, will seek to compete with the 2021 Apple iPad Pro.
Both Qualcomm and MediaTek are gearing up for the launch of their next gen high end mobile processors.
Noise has just announced the launch of NoiseFit Core smartwatch.
Xiaomi becomes world’s top wearable band brand, Apple rules roost in wristwatch market.
Microsoft didn’t really do a good job of communicating the minimum system requirements it set for Windows 11.
Its first target was a briefcase-sized rock nicknamed "Rochette" from a ridgeline that is particularly interesting from a geological perspective as it contains ancient layers of exposed bedrock.
Microsoft released a new build of Windows 11 to Windows Insiders late last week as it prepares for the operating system's release on October 5, but the first testers to install the new build quickly ran into problems—the taskbar, desktop, Settings app, and other core OS components were refusing to load.
Mullah Hasan Akhund, named as prime minister, like many in the Taliban leadership derives much of his prestige from his close link to the movement's reclusive late founder Mullah Omar, who presided over its rule two decades ago.
Akhund is longtime chief of the Taliban's powerful decision-making body Rehbari Shura, or leadership council.
He was foreign minister and then deputy prime minister when the Taliban were last in power and, like many of the incoming Cabinet, is under U.N. sanctions for his role in that government.
Perseverance's sampling and caching system is the most complex mechanism ever sent to space, with over 3,000 parts.
Sirajuddin Haqqani, the new interior minister, is the son of the founder of the Haqqani network, classified as a terrorist group by Washington.
He is one of the FBI's most wanted men due to his involvement in suicide attacks and ties with Al Qaeda.
Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar, head of the movement\'s political office who was given his nom de guerre "brother", or Baradar, by Mullah Omar, was appointed as Akhund\'s deputy, main Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid told a news conference in Kabul.
NASA confirmed Monday that its Perseverance Mars rover succeeded in collecting its first rock sample for scientists to pore over when a future mission eventually brings it back to Earth.
The sample was collected on September 1, but NASA was initially unsure whether the rover had successfully held onto its precious cargo, because initial images taken in poor light were unclear.
After taking a new photo so mission control could verify its contents, Perseverance transferred the tube to the rover's interior for further measurements and imaging, then hermetically sealed the container.
This is a momentous achievement and I can\'t wait to see the incredible discoveries produced by Perseverance and our team," NASA administrator Bill Nelson said in a statement.
Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for science, likened the achievement to the first samples of rock taken from the Moon, which are still invaluable to researchers today.
Japan passes 50% vaccination rate, may ease limits in November.
The Taliban are telling us they haven’t changed at all.
